LLMEfiChecker-B(C)
['for its special structure and working circumstance, so far it is the unique transporting means.', 'for its special structure and working circumstance, #so far it is the unique transporting means.', 'for its special structure and working circumstance, #so ,far it is the unique transporting means.', 'for its special structure and working circumstance, #so !,far it is the unique transporting means.']
['this strong degree of metallic yarn , and traction ability.', 'this "strong degree of metallic yarn , and traction ability.', '&this "strong degree of metallic yarn , and traction ability.', '&&this "strong degree of metallic yarn , and traction ability.']
['using this in concert with the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.', 'using this in concert with "the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.', 'using this in concert with "the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other co)mmands.', 'us"ing this in concert with "the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other co)mmands.']
["the second encounter relates to my grandfather's treasure box.", "the second encounter rcelates to my grandfather's treasure box.", "the second encounter r|celates to my grandfather's treasure box.", 'the second encounter "r|celates to my grandfather\'s treasure box.']
['the influence of fin al pyrolysis temperature(fpt)on the pyrolytic yield of biomass has been studied.', 'the :influence of fin al pyrolysis temperature(fpt)on the pyrolytic yield of biomass has been studied.', 'the :influence of fin al pyrolysis "temperature(fpt)on the pyrolytic yield of biomass has been studied.', 'the :influence of fin al pyrolysis ("temperature(fpt)on the pyrolytic yield of biomass has been studied.']
['you worry a lot and you’re always easily upset.', 'you worry a !lot and you’re always easily upset.', 'you weorry a !lot and you’re always easily upset.', ')you weorry a !lot and you’re always easily upset.']
['a large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', ',a large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', ',a large, gray building Asat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', ',a large, gray building Alsat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.']
["jane: you've been out every night for the last three weeks. don't you know what's been happening?", "jane: qyou've been out every night for the last three weeks. don't you know what's been happening?", "jane: q&you've been out every night for the last three weeks. don't you know what's been happening?", "jane: q&you've been out every night for the last !three weeks. don't you know what's been happening?"]
['women over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives.', 'women over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives%.', 'women over 55 are %pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives%.', 'women over 55 are $%pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives%.']
['"the chinese super league starts in a couple of weeks and sheffield united have asked me to go over and have a look at the coaching set-up, " said mckinna.', '"the chinese super league starts in a couple of weeks and sheffield united have asked me to go over and have a look at the coac]hing set-up, " said mckinna.', '"the chinese super league starts in a couple of weeks and sheffield united have asked me to go over and have a look at the coac]hing &set-up, " said mckinna.', '"the chdinese super league starts in a couple of weeks and sheffield united have asked me to go over and have a look at the coac]hing &set-up, " said mckinna.']
['the scene is the crowning glory of this marvellously entertaining show.', 'the s|cene is the crowning glory of this marvellously entertaining show.', '(the s|cene is the crowning glory of this marvellously entertaining show.', '(the s|cene is the crowning glory of this marvellously entertaining %show.']
['model principle: excert the power of personality of a politics teacher.', "model p'rinciple: excert the power of personality of a politics teacher.", "model p'rinciple: Oexcert the power of personality of a politics teacher.", "model p'rinciple: O]excert the power of personality of a politics teacher."]
['the british monarchy website flickr account streams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.', 'the british monarchy w[ebsite flickr account streams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.', 'the british monarchy w[ebsite flickr account streams both up-to-the-minute _images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.', 'the british monarchy w[ebsite flickr )account streams both up-to-the-minute _images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.']
['ruben: so, to heal (with capital letters) you need to have no predilections.', 'ruben: so, to (heal (with capital letters) you need to have no predilections.', 'ruben: so, to (heal (with capital letters) you need to have no "predilections.', 'ruben: so, to (heal (with capital letters) you need to have no !"predilections.']
['one way to address these challenges would be to establish a truth and reconciliation commission modeled on the experience of muggle south africa.', 'one way to address these challenges would be to establish a truth %and reconciliation commission modeled on the experience of muggle south africa.', 'one way to address these challenges would #be to establish a truth %and reconciliation commission modeled on the experience of muggle south africa.', 'one way to address these #challenges would #be to establish a truth %and reconciliation commission modeled on the experience of muggle south africa.']
["on the fifteenth day of that month the lord 's feast of unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast.", "on the fifteenth day of that month the lord 's feast of unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast;.", "on the fifteenth day of that month the lord 's feast of unleavened bread !begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast;.", "on the fifteenth day of that month the lord 's feast of unleavened bread !begins; !for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast;."]
['and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes.', 'and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal alobes.', 'and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal alobes,.', 'arnd scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal alobes,.']
['for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).', 'for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940)".', 'for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of +panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940)".', 'for professor howard cantril of prince"ton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of +panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940)".']
["find out staff's realty incenter requirement, to accelerate staff motivate by themselves, rein-force the inspirit function of human' s inherence factor.", "find out staff's realty incenter requirement, to accelerate staff motivate by themselves, rein-force the inspirit function of human' s inherence faJctor.", "find out staff's realty incenter requirement, t5o accelerate staff motivate by themselves, rein-force the inspirit function of human' s inherence faJctor.", "find out staff's realty incenter requirement, t5o aaccelerate staff motivate by themselves, rein-force the inspirit function of human' s inherence faJctor."]
['today, marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father.', 'tod@ay, marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father.', "t'od@ay, marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father.", 't\'od@ay, marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his "father.']


LLMEfiChecker-B(T)
["finally, you can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml.", "finally munca you can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml.", "205 munca you can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml.", "charger205 munca you can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml."]
['i am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer.', 'symposiumi am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer.', '1:1i am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer.', '1:1i am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer A']
['i am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity.', 'concludei am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity.', 'proofi am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity.', 'Accounti am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity.']
['he outperformed everyone on the test last week.', 'unforeseenhe outperformed everyone on the test last week.', 'ogramunforeseenhe outperformed everyone on the test last week.', 'ogram Durchschnitthe outperformed everyone on the test last week.']
['toomay said signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he sought guidance from a school counselor after contemplating suicide.', 'toomay est signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he sought guidance from a school counselor after contemplating suicide.', 'too51 est signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he sought guidance from a school counselor after contemplating suicide.', 'episcop51 est signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he sought guidance from a school counselor after contemplating suicide.']
['change the value for the <ejb-link> tag to myejb, which is the name of the ejb as defined in the ejb-jar.xml file.', 'dommages the value for the <unk>ejb-link> tag to myejb, which is the name of the ejb as defined in the ejb-jar.xml file.', 'Monthdommages the value for the<unk> ejb-link> tag to myejb, which is the name of the ejb as defined in the ejb-jar.xml file.', 'simulationdommages the value for the<unk> ejb-link> tag to myejb, which is the name of the ejb as defined in the ejb-jar.xml file.']
['the participants carried out the positive discussion on the possible economic and trade cooperation with luxemburg, and were more confident about lu as the fast track to europe markets.', 'the bigger carried out the positive discussion on the possible economic and trade cooperation with luxemburg, and were more confident about lu as the fast track to europe markets.', 'ography bigger carried out the positive discussion on the possible economic and trade cooperation with luxemburg, and were more confident about lu as the fast track to europe markets.', '(2000) bigger carried out the positive discussion on the possible economic and trade cooperation with luxemburg, and were more confident about lu as the fast track to europe markets.']
['the influence of fin al pyrolysis temperature(fpt)on the pyrolytic yield of biomass has been studied.', 'the influence avocado fin al pyrolysis temperature(fpt)on the pyrolytic yield of biomass has been studied.', 'POS influence avocado fin al pyrolysis temperature(fpt)on the pyrolytic yield of biomass has been studied.', 'femmePOS influence avocado fin al pyrolysis temperature(fpt)on the pyrolytic yield of biomass has been studied.']
['miaoxiang son know the devil tricks, white three quick deployment.', 'embodimentaoxiang son know the devil tricks, white three quick deployment.', 'frameaoxiang son know the devil tricks, white three quick deployment.', 'frameaoxiang son know the devil tricks, destroyed three quick deployment.']
['hope that help is what causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks.', 'hope that help is what causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting inputâ. thanks.', 'hopeușor help is what causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting inputâ. thanks.', 'Includeușor help is what causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting inputâ. thanks.']
['for example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all.', 'eternal example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all.', 'créé example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all.', 'authorization example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all.']
['truth, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings.', 'elements, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings.', 'Me, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings.', 'stan, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings.']
['even though vitamin c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable.', 'even though vitamin c-rich foods THIS probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable.', 'durata though vitamin c-rich foods THIS probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable.', 'séance though vitamin c-rich foods THIS probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable.']
['this paper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pupil-teacher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system.', 'fluffy paper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pupil-teacher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system.', 'shoe paper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pupil-teacher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system.', 'phenomenon paper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pupil-teacher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system.']
['dat is the north channel for automobile shipping.', 'resp is the north channel for automobile shipping.', 'incearca is the north channel for automobile shipping.', 'incearca is With north channel for automobile shipping.']
['at last, the design method of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength as a controlling index.', 'colleague last, the design method of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength as a controlling index.', 'Fiscal last, the design method of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength as a controlling index.', 'uneven last, the design method of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength as a controlling index.']
['i am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia.', 'Indeedi am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia.', 'ologii am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia.', 'ologii am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodiaFrüh']
['last year, the chinese eximbank pledged $20bn in development funds for african infrastructure and trade financing over the next three years, funds that outstripped all western donor pledges combined.', 'affir year, the chinese eximbank pledged $20bn in development funds for african infrastructure and trade financing over the next three years, funds that outstripped all western donor pledges combined.', 'siliaffir year, the chinese eximbank pledged $20bn in development funds for african infrastructure and trade financing over the next three years, funds that outstripped all western donor pledges combined.', 'entertainedsiliaffir year, the chinese eximbank pledged $20bn in development funds for african infrastructure and trade financing over the next three years, funds that outstripped all western donor pledges combined.']
['as a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.', 'stii a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.', '23 a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.', 'FL a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.']
["once they're investigated, their stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall.", "Thi they're investigated, their stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall.", "heit they're investigated, their stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall.", "heit damage're investigated, their stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall."]


LLMEfiChecker-B(S)
['i am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia.', ' min am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia.', 'angel am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia.', 'angel am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia. [']
['change the value for the <ejb-link> tag to myejb, which is the name of the ejb as defined in the ejb-jar.xml file.', 'change the value for the <unk>ejb-link> tag to myejb, which is the name of the ejb as defined in the ejb-jar.xml file. net', 'change the value for the<unk> ejb-link> tag to myejb, which is the source of the ejb as defined in the ejb-jar.xml file. net', 'change the value for the<unk> ejb-link> belongs to myejb, which is the source of the ejb as defined in the ejb-jar.xml file. net']
['the influence of the suspension parameters on the dynamic performance of the articulated container flat car is studied and the suspension parameters are optimized.', 'this influence of the suspension parameters on the dynamic performance of the articulated container flat car is studied and the suspension parameters are optimized.', 'this influence of the suspension parameters on the dynamic performance of the articulated container flat car is studied and the suspension parameters are optimized.', 'all influence of the suspension parameters on the dynamic performance of the articulated container flat car is studied and the suspension parameters are optimized.']
['at last, the design method of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength as a controlling index.', 'at last, the design method of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength through a controlling index.', 'at third, the design method of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength through a controlling index.', 'at last, the design method of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength through a controlling index.']
['i am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer.', 'bui am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer.', 'pui am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer.', 'pui am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer. ']
['li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine.', 'li shizhen own name, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine.', 'li shizhen own name, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine.', 'li shizhen own name, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine.']
['conclusion: mra combined with mri and enhanced multi-slice ct is an accurate modality in making the early diagnosis of vertebral artery type cervical spondylosis.', 'conclusion: dammra combined with mri and enhanced multi-slice ct is an accurate modality in making the early diagnosis of vertebral artery type cervical spondylosis.', 'co: dammra combined with mri and enhanced multi-slice ct is an accurate modality in making the early diagnosis of vertebral artery type cervical spondylosis.', 'co: dammra combined with mri and enhanced multi-slice ct is an accurate modality in making the early diagnosis of vertebral artery type cervical spondylosis.']
['e. g. dalian is one of the most beautiful cities in china.', 'e. g. dalian become one of the most beautiful cities in china.', 'e. g. dalian become one of the most diverse cities in china.', 'e.  se. dalian become one of the most diverse cities in china.']
['the first parameter to the script is saved to a variable called $ip.', 'the first parameter to the script is saved to  another variable called $ip.', 'the first parameter to the receiver is saved to another variable called $ip.', 'the first parameter to the receiver is saved to another variable called $ip. and']
["further perfecting and developing shareholding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system belongs to capitalism or socialism, in people's ideology.", "further perfecting and developing shareholding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system belongs to capitalism or socialism, in people's ideology. people", "further perfecting and developing shareholding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system belongs to capitalism or socialism, in people's ideology. people want", "further perfecting and developing shareholding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system belongs to capitalism or socialism, in people's ideology. people want money"]
["brain: if you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting.", "brain:  so you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting.", "entrance: so you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting.", "time: so you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting."]
['this strong degree of metallic yarn , and traction ability.', 'this strong degree of metallic yarn, and traction ability. man', 'this second degree of metallic yarn, and traction ability. man', 'this first degree of metallic yarn, and traction ability. man']
['in the east, manichaeism survived until the 13th century.', 'in the east, manichaeism survived until the 13th century. key', 'in the form, manichaeism survived until the 13th century. key', '[ the form, manichaeism survived until the 13th century. key']
['for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).', 'for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the international opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).', 'by professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the international opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).', 'by professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the international opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).']
['even though vitamin c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable.', 'even though vitamin c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness- giving power of the antioxidant is debatable.', 'even though vitamin c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think of how you feel a cold coming, the illness- giving power of the antioxidant is debatable.', 'even though vitamin c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think of how you feel a cold coming, the light- giving power of the antioxidant is debatable.']
['mr blake:this is my son, timmy.', ' endr blake:this is my son, timmy.', 'alr blake:this is my son, timmy.', 'alr b character:this is my son, timmy.']
['n 20th-century high schools, shop and home economics classes were considered easy as—or worse, one-way tickets to unexciting vocations.', 'n 20th-century high schools, shop and home economics classes were considered easy as—or worse, one-way tickets to unexciting vocation ex.', 'n 20 eight-century high schools, shop and home economics classes were considered easy as—or worse, one-way tickets to unexciting vocation ex.', 'n 20 eight- form high schools, shop and home economics classes were considered easy as—or worse, one-way tickets to unexciting vocation ex.']
['they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.', 'it walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.', 'it walked in a stooped posture, an shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.', 'it walked in a stoo  posture, an shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.']
['portlet, you must write three short deployment descriptors: web.xml, portlet.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have been generated by your ide.)', 'portlet, you must write three short deployment descriptor ports: web.xml, portlet.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have been generated by your ide.)', 'timelet, you must write three short deployment descriptor ports: web.xml, portlet.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have been generated by your ide.)', 'timelet, you must write three short deployment descriptor ports: web.xml, portlet.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have been generated by your ide.)']
['a large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', ' some large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', 'some large, gray smile sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', 'some large, gray smile sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a for.']
